drivers: wifi: infineon:  Add SPI support to AIROC WiFi driver (#78773)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/raspberrypi/rpi_pico/doc/index.rst

Programming and Debugging
*************************

System requirements
===================

Prerequisites for the Pico W
----------------------------

> Building for the RaspberryPi Pico W requires the AIROC binary blobs

Reviewer: Not  a blocker:
```suggestion
Building for the Raspberry Pi Pico W requires the AIROC binary blobs
```

Author: Something needed to change, so this is going in.
